So they'll use these tags to seal us.
All right! Well done, young Kazekage!
What?
What's going on?!
I'm totally ready to be sealed!
Our bodies are programmed to automatically counter an enemy's jutsu!
Here they come!
Surround those two!
Particle Style… Atomic Dismantling Jutsu!
You've aged, Ohnoki.
Nonsense…
You'd better get the Kazekage here to use his sensory skills
or you'll die, Ohnoki!
The Mizukage, the Giant Clam and the Mirage
Hey!
Don't underestimate my jutsu! You really should stand back!
For real!
For real?
Here are my weaknesses!
For real!
For real?
For real.
Now listen! I'm a Shadow Style user, in other words, I use genjutsu.
And my summoning is…
a Giant Clam!
I'm a Lightning User!
Line up your Earth Style shinobi and use them as a shield…
and attack with your Wind Style shinobi!
Thanks for your thoughtfulness! In fact, I'd like to know more!
I have no control over my body!
I can't waste any more time talking!
Come!
Wind and Earth Style shinobi, follow me!
Sealing Unit, keep up with us!
That's right. Go away, Raikage.
If you and I stick together, these guys won't be able to seal us.
So, do you have a strategy…
Fifth Kazekage?
I'm leaving you guys in charge here.
Huh?! Commander!
We have to deal with him without you?!
Hey, hey! What kind of tactic is that?!
Didn't you hear me?! I am a Shadow User!
This Giant Clam can cast a genjutsu over a wide area!
It'll make you see illusions!
A physical attack won't work!
I'm talking about a mirage!
I can tell. You have no desire to kill.
Of course not! That's to be expected!
I can't stand being manipulated by some other jutsu user.
That's why I want you to seal me quickly, Kazekage! Hey!
Deal with him.
Hey!
You can count on us!
Hey, wispy whiskers!
Wispy whiskers?
Don't call me that!
I don't care about the Reanimation anymore. I'll kill you!
He means it!
Man, this is awkward.
Let's go, guys!
– Yeah! – Right!
Let's do it!
I'm counting on you… Do something.
Good! Now you look like you mean business!
Listen up, I'll tell you one more time!
Attacking this me is useless!
Your sensory skills are useless against me.
You shouldn't underestimate me.
Stone Clone Jutsu!
So you'll come at me in numbers… That might work.
Did we get him?
No way!
I told you attacking this me is useless!
This me is just a mirage!
Then what do we have to do?!
So, defeat my Giant Clam first!
It's the one creating the mirage.
But its shell is hard.
Use large-scale weapons or Paper Bombs!
But… What?
We just used them with the last attack…
Just hurry up and retrieve the weapons!
I'm sorry!
Everyone, quickly!
Hurry!
Hey, that's mine.
Where's my weapon?
Hey! There are a lot of 'em over that way too!
What are you doing here? Digging for clams?
Pardon us.
This is awkward…
All right! Let's do it, everyone!
– Right! – Right!
Target the Giant Clam!
Take that!
Did we get it?
Huh?
Damn it! I can't stand this anymore!
– Why?! – Why?!
Hey! What's going on?
Yeah. So I keep telling you over and over again…
That Giant Clam is also a mirage, idiots!
Aim for the real one!
Yeah, so tell us where the real one is!
Like I said! Look around behind me!
It's camouflaged within a mirage and hiding!
Aww, damn it!
I told you attacking this me is useless!
Oh no, I was aiming for the Giant Clam in the back.
Like I said, that's a mirage, idiot!
Aw man, I don't understand!
I don't get it!
– We don't get it! – We don't get it!
Look, you guys…
Wispy whiskers!
I'll kill you!
He means it!
– Who said that?! Apologize! – Come out and apologize! Hurry!
I'm sorry.
This is awkward…
What the heck! Once more, an all-out attack!
Let's go!
Are you sure?
Are you really sure you want to do that?!
Where did that come from?!
Behind you, Tsuchikage!
Not now!
Particle Style!
Atomic Dismantling Jutsu.
Is that…?!
Planet Rasengan!
Is that…Naruto?!
Damn it!
Lord Mu is a Sensory Shinobi.
Gaara!
Sand!
Using Sand as a springboard for his attack?
I see.
Dodge this. My jutsu is faster than yours!
All right!
This is…
a violently rotating… Rasengan!
Earth Style… Boulder Jutsu!
Now you're so heavy,
you won't even be able to raise your arms.
Owww…
You used to hate the other villages, now you work so well with them.
It's worth living a long life.
You get to enjoy change.
Don't let down your guard. I'm still…
All right! Way to go, Gaara!
Oh yeah… Nice work too, Shorty Gramps!
I am the Tsuchikage, you know.
By the way—
What are you doing on the battlefield?!
Why did you come?!
Err… Well…
Let me explain…
You better have a good enough explanation to persuade me!
That would be impossible.
So I will do the talking.
This is Shikaku Nara at HQ.
Both you and the Tsuchikage were in the middle of fighting,
so I thought I'd save the complicated talk for later.
Let's hear it then. But the fighting is not over.
We must head out immediately.
You can brief us on the way.
You know, I'm not trying to win here.
You're too strong for us.
Yeah well… Still, you must seal me.
Otherwise, I'll remain a puppet…
Okay, everyone, get up! Get up!
So that's how it is, eh?
I can't believe even the Raikage relented.
All right, I understand.
I'm going to cease transmitting now.
Naruto.
I have nothing against going from one battlefield to another
to identify the enemy using transformation.
But as a former Jinchuriki, I know…
The Nine Tails' chakra…
Are you sure you can handle using it so frequently?
I don't plan on dying until I become the Hokage.
Don't treat me like a kid just because you're the Kazekage now.
I'll take the right battlefront!
Gaara and Gramps Tsuchikage, take the left!
Naruto, the Third Raikage is there!
Got it!
And our opponent is the Second Mizukage, correct?
The Genjutsu User…
Yes… Ordinary methods won't work against him.
– Oh, man… – Still?
I keep telling you it's a mirage.
Go retrieve them!
I've had it.
Hey, you there!
Huh? You mean me?
You're from the Hidden Mist, aren't you?
Aren't you familiar with my jutsu?
I know little about you, Lord Second.
I mean, I only know about the current Lord Fifth.
The secretiveness of the Hidden Mist is to blame for this.
If I knew things would be like this,
I would've left behind a bigger legend!
Not good…
Hey, you there!
Playtime is over! Come at me seriously now!
We have been serious!
I have no control over my body. It's casting jutsu on its own.
Damn it! I can't stand this!
It's my Water Balloon Jutsu.
Defend yourselves!
Commander Gaara!
Huh? What took you so long?!
I hope this time you'll seal me!
I intend to.
I'm looking forward to it.
Commander!
This is not the time to be looking somewhere else!
Hey…
Is that all you got?
I keep telling you my weaknesses, yet every single one of you…
You tell us, but you're still too strong!
This is closer to oil than water.
Even if I use Sand as a barrier,
it'll just seep in and make it collapse.
You went to tackle Mu first, didn't you?
You always want to go for the stronger one first.
That's what you call battle!
And that's what we did.
Isn't it obvious I'm the stronger one?!
That guy looks like a half-dead mummy. Am I right?
True…
I realize now that appearances can deceive.
You certainly are strong.
Finally, you understand.
Huh?! What do you mean "appearances can be deceiving"?!
But you've got wispy whis—
Cut it out!
I told you… that this me is a mirage,
created by the Giant Clam's wide-range genjutsu.
So physical attacks are useless!
Find the Giant Clam quickly and destroy it!
Otherwise, this will never end…
That's right. Your Sand…
I like to let my actions do the talking.
Over there!
So you were already searching for it with your Sand.
I wondered why you were just focused on the defensive.
Well, finally a worthy foe!
Now hurry up and defeat me!
I used too much chakra in my fight against Lord Mu.
I can't use the Particle Style now.
Well, I have no choice.
I have to smash it into pieces myself!
Earth Style! Stone Fist Jutsu!
One problem…
You've got to put your back into it a bit more.
A light punch won't work, Lil' Ohnoki.
You're not using the Particle Style…
Have you run out of juice?
I'm not that Lil' Ohnoki you used to make fun of long ago!
Earth Style… Super Weighted Boulder Jutsu!
Not bad, Ohnoki!
Uh-oh… I've done it now!
The genjutsu is undone.
Oh, my back!
I always knew you'd be Tsuchikage.
But you're nothing more than a geezer with a sore back right now!
I'll admit that was a punch with some power to it,
but you overdid it and strained your back!
Anyway! Hurry up and run!
I'm about to use the Hozuki Clan's Water Gun Jutsu!
I can't stop myself!
No matter how many times we attack, there's no effect!
We haven't inflicted any damage!
We need an even more powerful Wind Style user.
I'm a pretty good Wind Style user myself, you know.
Honestly, among the Allied Forces, there isn't a stronger Wind Style user.
There is! It's me!
Next time on Naruto Shippuden: "Paradox"
PARADOX Is it a new Rasengan? Maybe with this jutsu…
PARADOX
Tune in again!